[v4 upgrade] show i18n config added back (#5593)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/upgrade-to/v4.mdx

> Remove the following experimental flags from `astro.config.mjs`:

Reviewer: How do you feel about something in this direction?

```suggestion
Remove the `devOverlay` experimental flag and move any `i18n` config to the top level in `astro.config.mjs`:
```

Author: Looks good!
